[ VEHICLE APPROACHES ]
AAH!
MAN: You will be compensated
for any damages, citizen.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
Charlie:
ATTENTION, RESCUE TEAM.
ROBO-LANDSCAPER,
OUT OF CONTROL.
[ TIRES SQUEALING ]
OH!
[ SIGHS ]
COULD USE A HAND HERE.
WHERE YOU AT, BURNS FAMILY?
UM, MIGHT BE AWHILE, DAD.
IT'S JUST TOO BIZARRE.
THEY'RE ALIVE,
BUT WE'RE SUPPOSED TO RIDE
INSIDE OF THEM?
DON'T BE A WIMP, GRAHAM.
THEY'RE JUST VEHICLES.
HEY, I CAN HEAR YOU,
YOU KNOW.
UGH!
HURRY UP, BLADES.
WE HAVE TO GO.
[ WHIRRING ]
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
NO SIGN
OF THE SUSPECT.
[ VEHICLE APPROACHING ]
♪ A ROUTINE PATROL
WITH FOUR BOTS IN STASIS ♪
♪ YEARS LATER AWOKE IN
THE STRANGEST OF PLACES ♪
♪ EARTH WAS THEIR HOME NOW,
AND IN ADDITION ♪
♪ OPTIMUS PRIME GAVE THEM
THIS MISSION ♪
♪ LEARN FROM THE HUMANS,
SERVE AND PROTECT ♪
♪ LIVE IN THEIR WORLD,
EARN THEIR RESPECT ♪
♪ A FAMILY OF HEROES
WILL BE YOUR ALLIES ♪
♪ TO OTHERS,
REMAIN ROBOTS IN DISGUISE ♪
♪ RESCUE BOTS,
ROLL TO THE RESCUE ♪
♪ HUMANS IN NEED,
HEROES, INDEED ♪
♪ RESCUE BOTS,
ROLL TO THE RESCUE ♪
♪ RESCUE BOTS ♪
♪ WITH CODY TO GUIDE THEM
AND SHOW THEM THE WAY ♪
♪ THE RESCUE BOTS
WILL BE SAVING THE DAY ♪
♪ RESCUE BOTS,
ROLL TO THE RESCUE ♪
♪ RESCUE BOTS ♪
Chase:  I ADVISE YOU
TO HOLD ON, SIR.
[ ENGINE REVS, SIREN WAILS ]
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY
CAN BE USED AGAINST YOU.
HUH!
AND YOU WILL NOT BE COMPENSATED
FOR ANY DAMAGES.
[ HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ]
[ THUD! ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ SIGHS ]
WE MISSED IT, DIDN'T WE?
WHAT KEPT
YOU ALL?
OUR RIDES
WOULDN'T LET US DRIVE.
THEY'RE SLOWING US DOWN.
FAST ENOUGH
FOR YOU?
LET ME OUT!
[ COUGHS ]
OH, I'M GONNA HURL.
UNH!
NEVER AGAIN.
LOOK, I KNOW WE'RE ALL ADJUSTING
TO BEING A TEAM,
LEARNING ABOUT
EACH OTHER,
BUT IT'LL GO A LOT SMOOTHER
IF WE WORK TOGETHER.
I SIGNED UP
TO RESCUE PEOPLE,
NOT MAKE NICE
WITH MACHINES.
THESE HUMANS DON'T REALIZE
THEY'RE ON A TEAM.
DON'T WORRY, HEATWAVE.
I'LL TALK TO THEM.
[ BLOWS ]
HEY, KADE.
CAN I POP THAT FOR YOU?
YOU KNOW,
IT'S PRETTY AMAZING
YOU GET TO BE PARTNERS
WITH AN ALIEN.
OH, YEAH.
AMAZING.
I HAVE TO ASK MY RIDE
TO ROLL DOWN MY OWN WINDOW.
BUT YOU AND HEATWAVE
HAVE TONS IN COMMON.
IT'S NOT A "HE," CODY.
IT'S A TRUCK.
[ SIGHS ]
AND BACK HOME,
BLADES HAD WHEELS.
HE NEVER FLEW
UNTIL HE GOT TO EARTH.
THAT'S WHY HE'S SO BAD
AT IT.
PLUS, HE KIND OF
HATES HEIGHTS.
BLADES IS MY PARTNER?
HE'D BETTER LEARN
TO LOVE 'EM.
[ GRUNTS, BELL DINGS ]
[ SIGHS ]
BOULDER'S CRAZY
ABOUT HER.
HE WANTS TO SOAK UP
EVERYTHING HE CAN.
AND I'D LOVE TO LEARN
ABOUT HIS PLANET'S TECH.
SEE? YOU'RE
THE PERFECT TEAM.
YOU CAN TEACH
EACHCODY.R --
BOULDER'S AN ALIEN
FROM A HIGHLY ADVANCED SOCIETY.
HOW AM I GONNA TEACH HIM
ANYTHING?
[ SIGHS ]
THIS ISN'T WORKING,
OPTIMUS.
OUR PARTNERS DON'T WANT
ANYTHING TO DO WITH US.
ACTUALLY, CHIEF AND I
GET ALONG QUITE WELL.
[ GROANS ]
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO COMPLETE
YOUR MISSION TO HELP HUMANS
IF THEY WON'T LET US?
I AM CERTAIN
YOU WILL FIND A WAY, HEATWAVE.
REMEMBER, LEARNING
TO COMMUNICATE WITH HUMANS
IS ALSO PART OF YOUR MISSION.
MY PARTNER COMMUNICATES
LOUD AND CLEAR,
ESPECIALLY LOUD.
WELL, CODY'S BEEN TRYING
TO HELP US FIT IN.
THEN TAKE GUIDANCE
FROM CODY.
I HAVE FOUND
THAT THE YOUNG OF THIS SPECIES
ARE THE MOST VALUABLE ALLIES.
MAKE FRIENDS?
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, OPTIMUS,
THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY?
NOT ENTIRELY.
RESCUE BOTS, GOOD LUCK.
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
GUYS. WHOA!
I DIDN'T KNOW THE BUNKER
HAD A SECRET ROOM.
HOW DID IT GO, CODY?
[ SIGHS ]
NEW PLAN.
KADE, DANI, AND GRAHAM
DON'T KNOW YOU
LIKE I DO, RIGHT?
SO, YOU ALL JUST NEED
TO BOND.
WHAT DOES
"BONDING" ENTAIL?
THIS  IS THE AMAZING THING
WE HAD TO SEE?
THE BUNKER?
WE'VE BEEN HERE
1,000 TIMES.
NOT IN YEARS.
OH, I USED TO LOVE
TO PLAY DOWN HERE.
[ Laughing ]
REMEMBER WHEN YOU GOT LOST
IN THE TUNNELS, KADE?
WONDER IF I COULD BEAT
MY OLD SCORE.
[ BEEPING ]
YOU'RE ON.
I DON'T WANT
TO GO FIRST.
WE COULD GO
BY HEIGHT.
LET ME GO FIRST.
HI.
RWHAT??
DON'T FREAK.
I INVITED THEM,
TOO.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE COOL
IF WE ALL HUNG OUT TOGETHER --
YOU KNOW,
JUST THE EIGHT OF US.
COME ON, KADE.
WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF?
IS THIS AN EARTH GAME?
MAY I TRY?
SURE.
YOU PULL THIS
TO START.
OH, FUN!
NOW WHAT?
HMM.
LOVELY WEATHER WE'RE HAVING
TODAY, ISN'T IT?
PERFECT FOR FLYING.
OR NOT.
UH, DO YOU HAVE
ANY HOBBIES?
FLYING.
YEAH, I THINK
WE'RE DONE HERE.
THAT WENT
QUITE WELL.
[ ALARM BLARES ]
[ BEEP ]
WE HAVE A SITUATION
ON MAIN AND PARK.
SEWER'S OVERFLOWING...
SO, CALL A PLUMBER.
...WITH LAVA.
[ HORNS HONKING ]
THIS COULD GET UGLY
PRETTY FAST.
I NEED THE WHOLE TEAM
OUT HERE.
CODY, GET ON
THE COMMAND CENTER COM-LINK.
YOUR SIBLINGS
WILL NEED SOME HELP
WORKING WITH THEIR PARTNERS.
CHASE, HELP HER.]
[ PANTING ]
NEXT TIME, CITIZEN, PLEASE
FOLLOW THE RULES OF THE ROAD.
IT'S NOT JUST A GOOD IDEA.
IT'S THE LAW.
Dani: OHH!
COULD YOU BE A LITTLE MORE --
OW! -- GENTLE WITH THAT?
UGH!
AS SOON AS YOU LEARN
HOW TO FLY.
DANI, BE NICE, REMEMBER?
OH, BLADES, BUDDY,
I KNOW THIS IS HARD FOR YOU,
BUT YOU CAN DO IT.
SO, DO IT ALREADY.
DO YOU THINK THIS IS ENOUGH
TO HOLD THE LAVA?
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT MUST SEEM LIKE SUCH
A PRIMITIVE SOLUTION TO YOU.
GRAHAM,
BOULDER'S NOT DISSING YOU.
HE'S TRYING TO HELP.
BUT YOU GOT TO TELL HIM
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING FIRST.
[  EXPLOSION  ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
I GOT THIS COVERED.
YOU CAN MOVE ON,
PARTNER.
HEY, YOU HAVE
TO WORK TOGETHER.
NO TIME
FOR CHITCHAT, CODY.
[ GRUNTS ]
CODY: Kade! Kade!
Are you okay?
Kade!
[ ELECTRICITY ZAPPING ]
[ COUGHING ]
YOU'RE WELCOME...
PARTNER.
CODY, WE'VE CLEARED OUT
MOST OF DOWNTOWN,
BUT THE LAVA WON'T QUIT.
IF WE CAN'T PLUG
THE LEAK SOON,
I'LL NEED YOU TO SEND OUT
AN ISLAND-WIDE
EVACUATION ORDER.
YOU'VE GOT IT, DAD.
BUT LET ME CALL
SOMEONE FIRST.
DOC GREENE, YOU THERE?
DO NOT ADJUST
YOUR MONITOR.
I'M UPSIDE DOWN
OVER HERE, TOO.
I'M TESTING MY THEORY THAT I CAN
SOLVE EQUATIONS FASTER
WHEN ALL MY BLOOD
IS COLLECTED IN MY HEAD.
DOC, IS THERE A VOLCANO ON
THE ISLAND WE DON'T KNOW ABOUT?
NO, BUT THERE IS ONE
WE DO KNOW ABOUT --
MT. MAGMA, BUILT
FOR THE WORLD'S FAIR OF 1939.
THAT'S WHEN THEY INVENTED
DEEP-FRIED COTTON CANDY.
YOU SEE, THE SUGAR
FELL INTO THE HOT OIL AND --
DOC, HOW COULD A FAKE VOLCANO
SPEW REAL LAVA INTO THE SEWERS?
WELL, THE VOLCANO IS FAKE,
BUT THE LAVA ISN'T.
WHEN MT. MAGMA
WAS MOVED HERE,
THE ENGINEERS SUNK A PIPE
DEEP INTO
THE EARTH'S CORE.
PENT-UP PRESSURE
IN THE CORE
COULD PUSH LAVA
BACK UP THE PIPE,
BUT THE TOP
OF THE VOLCANO IS SEALED,
SO THE LAVA WOULD COME OUT
WHEREVER IT COULD
LIKE THE SEWERS.
THE PRESSURE WOULD KEEP
FORCING LAVA OUT
UNTIL IT COVERED
OUR WHOLE ISLAND.
UH, THAT WOULD TAKE
ABOUT 4.7 HOURS.
AH, SHAVED A FULL SECOND
OFF MY CALCULATION TIME.
HANGING UPSIDE DOWN
REALLY DOES WORK.
DOC, THIS IS FOR REAL.
[  GRUNTS  ]
THEN, YOU HAVE TO GET RID
OF THE LAVA PRESSURE
IMMEDIATELY.
THINK OF THE VOLCANO
AS A GIANT FIZZY BOTTLE.
TO GET RID OF THE PRESSURE,
YOU OPEN IT
A LITTLE AT A TIME.
A SMALL, CONTROLLED ERUPTION
SHOULD TAKE CARE
OF YOUR LAVA PROBLEM,
BUT DON'T OPEN THE LID FAST,
OR...
ALL RIGHT, TEAM.
I JUST GOT OFF THE COM
WITH CODY.
HE SAYS
WE CAN STOP THIS LAVA,
BUT WE HAVE TO ERUPT
A VOLCANO TO DO IT.
AND THAT'S
THE SAFEST OPTION?
IT'S THE ONLY OPTION.
I WON'T LIE --
THINGS MIGHT GET HAIRY.
IF THE VOLCANO
GOES OFF TOO FAST,
WE COULD GET CAUGHT
IN THE LAVA.
I'LL UNDERSTAND IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO BE PART OF THIS MISSION.
IT'S DANGEROUS.
GRIFFIN ROCK
ISN'T YOUR HOME.
IF YOU GO,
WE GO.
YOU'D RISK YOUR LIVES
FOR US?
THAT'S WHAT BEING
PARTNERS MEANS.
WHEREVER THERE IS
AN EMERGENCY,
THERE ARE RESCUE BOTS
READY TO SERVE, SAVE,
AND PROTECT.
WE DIDN'T HAVE THE CHANCE
TO SAVE OUR HOME.
WE WON'T LET YOU
LOSE YOURS.
GLAD TO HAVE YOU
ON BOARD.
BUT FOR THIS PLAN
TO SUCCEED,
WE'LL ALL HAVE TO PUT ASIDE
OUR DIFFERENCES
AND WORK TOGETHER
AS REAL PARTNERS.
UNDERSTOOD?
[ SIRENS WAIL ]
YOU'RE ALMOST THERE, GUYS.
BOULDER, I'M SENDING YOU
A SCHEMATIC
OF HOW THE VOLCANO WORKS.
[ HMM. ]
YES, I SEE.
GRAHAM, YOU HAVE TO TELL
BOULDER WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
OH, RIGHT.
SORRY.
OKAY, FROM THIS DIAGRAM,
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE VOLCANO'S "ON" SWITCH
SHOULD BE
INSIDE THE MOUNTAIN NEARBY.
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHERE,
EXACTLY.
THAT'S WHERE
I CAN HELP.
[ BEEPING ]
FOUND IT.
WHOA.
YOU HAVE
SEISMIC IMAGING?
OF COURSE.
HEAD BACK TO TOWN,
PLEASE.
IT'S ABOUT TO GET HOT
AROUND HERE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ STOMP! STOMP! ]
RIGHT AWAY.
YES, SIR.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT'S GOING ON,
CODY?
WHEN DO WE GET TO SEE
SOME ACTION?
BLADES
IS MOVING INTO PLACE NOW.
BLADES, WE'RE ATTACHING YOU
TO THE SWITCH FOR THE VOLCANO'S
LOWEST SETTING.
WHEN YOU FLY UP,
THE VOLCANO WILL TURN ON
AND BLAST OUT THE LAVA.
GET CLEAR
AS QUICKLY AS YOU CAN.
BLADES AND I HAVE IT
FROM HERE.
SHOO, YOU TWO.
WE DID IT.
NOW, LET'S JUST GET OUT OF --
[ [ GASPS ] ]
Blades: I CAN'T SEE.
BLADES, GO HIGHER.
WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF THIS.
WHICH WAY IS HIGHER?
[ GROANS ]
DANI, TALK NICELY.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
BLADES, I'M NOT GONNA LET
ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU.
I KNOW YOU CAN'T SEE,
BUT I CAN READ YOUR INSTRUMENTS
CLEAR AS DAY.
HUH?
I'LL GUIDE YOU.
YOU'RE RIGHT SIDE UP.
JUST TAKE US
AS HIGH AS YOU CAN.
IT'S OKAY IF YOU GO SLOW.
HERE GOES NOTHING.
YOU DID IT, BLADES!
I DID IT, DANI!
[ THUD! ]
UM, EXCUSE ME.
I THINK MY ROTOR
JUST HICCUPED.
IT MUST BE THE ASH.
WE BETTER TAKE YOU DOWN.
Charlie:
HOW'S IT LOOKING, KADE?
THIS LAVA
ISN'T GOING ANYWHERE.
GOOD.
CHASE AND I CLOSED
ALL THE MOUNTAIN ROADS
JUST IN CASE.
SOUNDS LIKE CRISIS AVERTED,
TEAM.
WAY TO GO, EVERYONE!
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU
IN THE BUNKER.
[ GASPS ]
THAT'S WEIRD.
THE LAVA'S DISAPPEARING.
WASN'T THAT
WHAT WE WANTED?
NOT LIKE THIS.
UH, YOU GUYS?
THE LAVA OVER ON MY SIDE
IS DRAINING INTO SOME SORT
OF HOLE IN THE ROCK.
OH, THAT'S NOT
A HOLE.
IT'S A TUNNEL.
A TUNNEL?
LIKE THE ONES THAT ALL LEAD
TO THE FIREHOUSE BUNKER?
WAIT A MINUTE.
THE LAVA'S FLOWING
TOWARD THE BUNKER?
BUT THAT'S WHERE CODY IS.
Heatwave:  CODY.
CODY, CAN YOU HEAR US?
MUST BE OFFLINE AND UNDERGROUND
BY NOW.
WHY DIDN'T YOU WARN US
CODY MIGHT BE IN DANGER?
I-I DIDN'T KNOW.
THERE'S NO TUNNEL
ON THE SCHEMATIC.
[ GRUNTS ]
WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE HEROES,
AND WE CAN'T DO ANYTHING.
WE CAN DO PLENTY IF YOU STOP
COMPLAINING AND GET IN.
GRAHAM, ARE THERE
ANY OTHER TUNNELS NEAR HERE
THAT INTERSECT THE PATH
OF THE LAVA?
I DON'T KNOW.
NONE OF THESE DIAGRAMS
ARE UP-TO-DATE.
BOULDER, CAN YOU MAP
THE TUNNELS BELOW US?
[ BEEPING ]
DANI,
WE'RE GONNA NEED WATER.
MAYBE WE CAN COOL THIS LAVA
AND SLOW IT DOWN.
I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
FOUND IT.
OKAY, HERE'S THE LAVA.
IF YOU TAKE
THE TUNNEL BELOW,
YOU MIGHT HAVE TIME
TO STOP THE FLOW
BEFORE IT REACHES CODY.
BUT YOU'D HAVE TO MAKE IT
TO THIS CROSSING
BEFORE THE LAVA DOES.
WE WILL.
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
I-I SEE A WATER TOWER,
BUT THERE'S NO WAY
WE CAN GET THERE ON FOOT.
WHOA UP, BLADES.
OH, NO.
WE CAN'T FLY IN THIS ASH.
IT MIGHT FREEZE
YOUR ROTORS.
AND IT MIGHT NOT.
IF IT MEANS HELPING CODY,
IT'S WORTH A FEW HICCUPS.
EXCUSE ME IN ADVANCE?
ANYTIME, PARTNER.
Heatwave:  THE INTERSECTION
SHOULD BE STRAIGHT AHEAD.
[ BEEPING ]
[ RUMBLING ]
NO. NO. NO!
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
WE'LL NEVER
GET THROUGH.
GET IN.
[ ENGINE REVS ]
HOW DID YOU KNOW
THAT WOULD WORK?
I DIDN'T.
LIKE GRAHAM SAID, IF WE COULD
COOL DOWN THE LAVA,
WE CAN STOP IT
FROM REACHING CODY.
NOT IF IT
JUST KEEPS COMING.
[ HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ]
ANYBODY ORDER A DRINK?
WHAT? NO.
WE'RE TAKING THIS
TO THE LAVA --
OH, I GET IT.
EARTH HUMOR.
THE LAVA'S
MOVING TOO FAST.
GOOD A PLACE AS ANY
TO HOLD OUR GROUND.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WE'VE EXHAUSTED
MY WATER RESERVES.
GO.
SAVE YOURSELF.
FAT CHANCE.
OKAY, BLADES.
DROP THE WATER NOW.
YES! THE TEAM UP TOP
CAME THROUGH!
[ SIGHS ]
YOU KNOW, THIS DOESN'T MEAN
WE'RE BEST FRIENDS OR ANYTHING.
I WAS THINKING
THE EXACT SAME THING.
[ VEHICLE APPROACHING ]
HEY, HOW DID YOU GUYS
GET IN HERE?
DON'T YOU EVER SCARE US
LIKE THAT AGAIN.
YEAH.
WHAT HE SAID.
WHAT DID I DO?
YOU GUYS, YOU GOT
TO COME CHECK THIS OUT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I MEAN, THIS IS THEIR HOME NOW,
TOO, RIGHT?
SURE LOOKS THAT WAY.